Well, you take care of your brother first.
We still have something to do, thank you, doctor.
Thank you for your hard work
Hello
Xu Jingchuan?
Here you are, too busy with work, too late
I ordered you coffee, I don't know if you like it or not
You came to me yes
I just wanted to say thank you.
Yuchen thanks to you
Let him use everything new
To make him better
You've been helping me since the beginning
I really appreciate it.
The things you said that night
I'm really sorry too, you don't need to be sorry.
I volunteered
No, I think I should make it clear to you.
Can't be misunderstood
You are really kind to me.
I really don't know how to repay you